well howdy there internet people let's
bow down so today we're going to talk
about the brass I'm gonna talk about the
generals what they said what they did
because in a very very short window of
time a whole bunch of stars a
constellation have issued statements and
people are familiar with Madison Mullins
so we'll skip over those if you're not
look them up they're worth reading there
were some others that came out as well
the Joint Chiefs pretty much all made
statements and they all included the
word listen and we're gonna get to why
that's important here in a minute and
then General Thomas said something that
I think is noteworthy General Thomas is
not well-known however there are
generals that are well-known generals
that are liked their generals they're
loved their generals that are respected
and there are generals that you don't
want angry at you I would put General
Thomas in that category general Thomas
was commander of SOCOM if you're not a
gamer or you're not familiar with the
military Special Operations Command in
your favorite action movie in the
backstory of the lead character they go
through his resume and they're like he
was a sill where he was Delta all of
these units are part of SOCOM he
commanded all of SOCOM he's not somebody
I won't mad at me he I don't think he
coordinated his statements with anybody
else I think he saw something that upset
him and he responded immediately he took
exception to the fact that the United
States was referred to as a battle space
he thought that was the wrong term to
use and he is 100% correct and that has
come up a few times a lot of people
asked why haven't the brass spoken out
sooner there's a concept and it's really
important I've done a video in the past
about civilian control of the military
the idea is that the US military is a
political it serves the
commander-in-chief period full stop
it does not interject into domestic
politics that's why we haven't become a
dictatorship most of these most of these
men feel ethically bound not to say
anything they feel that that is the best
way they can serve the country because
we're we're a republic we're democracy
and therefore they keep their opinions
to themselves the fact that you have had
so many come out in such a short window
of time to say something that is
political work could be taken in a
political way is very telling it's
something that we should pay attention
to because the desire to preserve their
service or the country is more important
than a very long tradition of keeping
their mouth shut
it's it's something we should really pay
attention to now the far right can write
a lot of these a lot of these channels
off because there is the idea that once
you hit Oh 5 well you're really just a
politician ok I don't believe that's
true with a lot of these people however
it's a pretty common concept there's
somebody else who made a statement a
couple actually that can't be written
off as easily the sergeant major in the
army not a sergeant major in the army
the sergeant major of the army he is the
senior most enlisted person in the army
not to put too fine a point on it he's a
God in the army he sent out a few tweets
and it's there basically in the last
video I think they it's incredibly
similar the only differences you know it
took me like nine minutes to get all of
that out he's an NCO a noncommissioned
officer he's very direct you can
probably read all of his tweets in like
45 seconds and it carries the exact same
meaning they're very concise they say
exactly what they mean and that is what
has caused some controversy after his
tweets he made a video a very short
video because he's an NCO it starts off
by saying that the country and the Army
is struggling with racial inequality
this is not a controversial statement on
this channel NCOs say exactly what they
mean so the far right is livid because
the struggle is racial inequality it's
not with protesters
he has correctly identified the source
of the problem and he said it sometimes
when you're talking to NCOs what isn't
said is just as important as what is and
then what really drove him over the edge
is they think he was sending a third
message as well and I'll be honest I
heard the same thing however I would not
presume to put words into the sergeant
major of the Army's mouth he also used
listen the reason this matters you can
ask the vets in the comment sections if
an NCO walks into a room and says listen
up everybody stops doesn't matter what
they were doing they stop because
there's more information that may change
what they're doing at that exact moment
the fact that that term was in his
statement the Joint Chiefs statements
that and the overall theme of all of the
statements is about listening it's
important and and I am reading it the
same way as the far ride the difference
is I don't think it's a bad idea these
are people of action listen is not what
you would expect to hear from them if
they believed what was going on was a
good idea
so again I don't know that that is what
he was intending to convey I heard it
that way a lot of other people heard it
that way but I by what he said he was
sending a message to the country and a
message to to the army NCOs say exactly
what they mean so whether or not the
country includes the president that
that's for him to say I don't know now
because of all of this it is of course
wild people up and the idea of the
far-right disavowing quote soldiers who
have taken a knee with protesters has
arisen I don't know what disavowing
means but what I do know is that under
normal circumstances when we're not all
staying at home I travel a great deal I
go to Columbus Phoenix City Fort Walton
Tampa Clarksville Dothan if you ever see
me in the bar and you have a photo on
your phone of you in uniform taking a
knee with the protesters the next rounds
on me i disavow because we support the
troops unless we can't use them for our
own political agenda I guess it's
important to keep an eye on these
statements because these are people who
realistically could raise a division of
volunteers with a tweet all of the
generals who have spoken out all of the
brass who have spoken out all the
influential people within the military
community who have spoken out they're
all on the same side
they're all very clear that they think
that this is a bad idea it's worth the
noting it's worth paying attention to
anyway it's just a thought
now I have a good night